ton
After the
and was destroyed.
The foundation of the Japanese financial system
did not have the blood-stain
that the gold had to be reimbursed.
In terms of trade,
in terms of finance,
in terms of the circulation,
it did not have that concern.
Furthermore, on September 21,
when the United Kingdom stopped the gold mining,
some capitalists,
a small number of bankers,
said that Japan would also be reimbursing gold with the UK.
If so,
before that,
the people who thought that they would get profits
by transferring the funds to foreign countries
had occurred.
This is called the dollar exchange.
It is true that the gold mining
was sent to foreign countries
to collect funds for this.
However,
this trade was completely stopped
at the end of October.
So, the dog mining cabinet
did not have the need to reimbursing gold
because it had been wronged at that time.
However, the dog mining cabinet
did not know about this situation
and did not allow gold to be reimbursed.
As a result,
some capitalists
were given huge profits
and were able to make a profit
by paying the gold mining
to other countries.
They were worried about the financial situation
and sacrificed the profits of the people.
This is the result of the dog mining cabinet's politics.
Ladies and gentlemen,
the political results
are an unfair and unreasonable fact
that is shown to the people.
However,
is there any right to
call for the good of the people?
I think that this is a great thing
to do against political morality.
In our party,
which always calls for the good of politics,
this is an impossible thing
to do.